remove mention of building blocks and blocks from documentation (#1660)
open-contracting/standard: docs/schema/codelists.md

```{versionadded} 1.1
```

> The related process object is used at the release level to point backwards to prior processes, such as planning or framework establishment, and at the contract level to point onwards to subcontracts or to renewal or replacement processes. The related process codelist determines the kind of relationship that is being described.

Reviewer: This sentence is describing the schema.

```suggestion
The `RelatedProcess` sub-schema is used at the release level to point backwards to prior processes, such as planning or framework establishment, and at the contract level to point onwards to subcontracts or to renewal or replacement processes. The related process codelist determines the kind of relationship that is being described.
```

```{versionadded} 1.1
```

> The milestone object can be used to represent a wide variety of events in the lifetime of a contracting (or planning) process. The milestone type codelist is used to indicate the nature of each milestone.

Reviewer: This sentence is describing the schema.

```suggestion
The `Milestone` sub-schema can be used to represent a wide variety of events in the lifetime of a contracting (or planning) process. The milestone type codelist is used to indicate the nature of each milestone.
```

```{versionadded} 1.1
```

> The `Milestone` subschema can be used to represent a wide variety of events in the lifetime of a contracting (or planning) process. The milestone type codelist is used to indicate the nature of each milestone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Milestone` subschema](reference.md#milestone) can be used to represent a wide variety of events in the lifetime of a contracting (or planning) process. The milestone type codelist is used to indicate the nature of each milestone.
```
